Fleet Manager: Add is_system_db_writer (#1004)
neo4j/docs-aura: modules/ROOT/pages/fleet-management/data.adoc

| `build_profile`
| String
| Build profile of the Fleet Manager module
| `is_system_db_writer`
| boolean

> | Does this server allow writing to system DB?

Reviewer: Whether this server allows writing to system DB
```suggestion
Whether this server allows writing to system DB
```

> Whether this server allows writing to system DB

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Whether this server allows writing to system DB
```

Or else it breaks

Author: good find!
